there are countless ways to make money
without any financial investment on your
part sometimes you have to put in sweat
equity many businesses today require you
to put in lots of effort upfront without
any monetary benefit right away but the
proceeds will be there down the road
others offer upfront benefits it really
all depends we must use our skills we
have today to bring in income and be
successful you came here for the truth
so let me unveil that for you today
we're going to look at one hundred and
fifty ways to make money I'm gonna show
you some things in here which most of
them probably won't be of any interest
to you but I'm sure that there is
something for everyone I'm gonna cover
this and then I'm gonna look into the
gig economy as a whole many people stay
away from this because they've heard the
horror stories they've heard all of
these things in the news and they feel
it's not right for them but I do believe
that everybody has a passion has a skill
has desires and they can translate that
into income and it's very important to
have more than one source of income
most people they work a nine-to-five job
and maybe they have a 401k or a pension
and this right here is a perfect world
scenario but isn't it great if you had a
second source of the resource of income
and you took your hobbies and your
passions and you made that possible so
that's what we're gonna look at right
now the first thing I'm going to show
you is how to earn money without a
traditional job this here is an
infographic that goes through all of
them and obviously they're very small so
we're gonna zoom in over here I'm gonna
show you some of them now when we look
at the top right corner you're seeing
ride-sharing like uber and lyft and I
know a lot of people they're not
interested in this at all I'm just gonna
go through because some people have a
desire for certain things that other
people don't so if you just go through
here I'm sure that different ages
different interests all of these people
will be able to find something that they
elect now this isn't necessarily to
replace your nine-to-five job but I do
think that many people could bring in
some extra money on the side and there
are
many different ways to do that you don't
need to be an uber driver so on the top
left corner we have grocery delivery
services restaurant food delivery there
are other types of delivery like Amazon
flex there are things like simple tasks
where we have TaskRabbit and others you
probably heard of those before we go
down a little bit further and you're
seeing physical tasks I've seen many of
these different companies popping up
there are parking rentals which I think
are really good and that's when we start
getting into some that people need to
start thinking out of the box when you
think about your parking rental so you
have a parking space let's say you live
in the city and it's a very busy area
you have a space available for people
where normally they would have to pay
twenty twenty-five dollars for a spots
and you could charge a little bit
cheaper people will be coming to you and
obviously maybe it's considered to be a
safer location maybe you have a camera
there there could be all different types
of perks you could offer those people
maybe it's a covered area this is all
dependent on you and your personal
situation but doing this is basically
taking real estate and you don't need to
have any extra money this is your own
parking spot and you can turn that into
money cash car rental services where you
turn your own car or maybe a second or
third car into a rental and of course
just like an Airbnb this is some way
that people have been bringing
themselves some income going through
here tutoring I think this is fantastic
not just for individuals that are let's
say younger and maybe they're students
right now this could be for anybody if
you know a particular subject but I do
think that this is probably most
applicable to somebody who's let's say
in the senior grades of high school and
they could be tutoring younger students
this is a great thing to do and there
are so many different services out there
today you're looking at dog sitting and
pet watching some people love dogs and
love animals and this is a way for them
to bring in some money and spend some
time with pets selling old stuff there
are so many things on there I think
people should sell or get rid of
everything that they don't need that's a
whole different story online surveys
these here tend to be not very
profitable at
but hey there there if you're interested
renting your stuff is cool because you
could take something that's been sitting
in your house in your garage in your
basement and you can make an income with
it or you can buy something purposely
that is a rental for other people it all
depends it's a business
babysitting there are others out there I
think there's a lot of risks involved in
that investing there's some home rentals
Airbnb and so on writing ebooks if you
know something and I'm sure everybody
knows something even if you think it's
not that important other people out
there are interested in it we're talking
about online here we're talking about 7
billion people somebody is interested in
what you know it could be fixing a leaky
faucet it could be fixing a toilet it
could be fixing a car or changing the
oil on your car this information could
be packaged up into either books or
videos or a course and could be sold off
to people and you actually save them
money don't think as if you are taking
from them no you are saving them money
this is fantastic
ok so we're looking at this now towards
the bottom you could write in blogs art
design and crafting there's all kinds of
different things like Etsy and Amazon
handmade among many others proofreading
is good because a lot of people maybe
English is not their primary language
maybe their English isn't very good and
there are ways to be successful at this
you can sell your services on their
selling photos as well people need to
use really good photography for their
businesses and things and you can sell
your pictures if you're a photographer
as well as if you want to take pictures
for other people you can advertise those
services you can have your own website
you can sell that on Kijiji and
craigslist there are lots of places to
do so then we have places like up work
and Fiverr that are great for
individuals to sell services of all
kinds up work is particularly good a
little bit more professional than Fiverr
you go down further we got videos of
course all different types of video
services out there and voice work if
you've got that really good voice then
that is applicable to so many people out
there businesses who need somebody to do
voiceovers and things that would be very
good for them and their business you're
helping each other out so once again all
of these are not necessary
applicable to you but I just wanted to
give some suggestions these things do
not require upfront capital and I think
it's great that people who can make some
money on the side now I wanted to talk
more about the gig economy in general
there are a few infographics that I
found that are very applicable to this
video so here a little further down you
are seeing how big is the gig economy
you're looking at 50 plus million
entered the gig economy workforce in
this is 44% of US adults have
participated in the gig economy
transactions either as freelancers or
clients 90 million people in the US
alone obviously it's growing bigger you
have these services popping up
everywhere and just about every single
type of business there is and of course
there's some other details in here the
uber of ex-post mates calm buddy truck
calms eel calm all of these are
different companies that have come up
and have started to really gain traction
out there and like I said it doesn't
necessarily apply to everybody but might
be something that a few people are
interested in okay so you can just
scroll down through here and see others
all of the links in this video will be
in the description you go down to the
bottom where it says sources used in
this video click on that and it will
open up a file for you to see all of the
sources this is just showing you some
other details if you want to take a look
I'm not gonna cover every issue with
that I want to move on to this one 13
stats that explain the gig economy you
can see the statistics that are all
based around this 11 percent of working
adults in the u.s. work primarily as
independent contractors 86 percent of
professional freelancers choose
freelancing people want to do it okay so
that's what it comes down to now not
necessarily everybody wants to be an
uber driver but that's not what we're
talking about here we're talking about
people that are working independent okay
they are not focused on their
nine-to-five jobs they're not getting
into those businesses these days
because they got laid off from their job
or maybe because of something changing
and they wanted to go this route there
are many different avenues that you can
take that you have the skills today to
make that money whether it's on the side
or whether it's your primary income all
I'm trying to suggest to you today is
that there are differences that are
between this generation and the previous
generation
things have changed maybe it's for the
better maybe it's for the worse but I do
think that people should do their best
every single day to use the skills they
have to provide services and products to
people in need whatever that is that's
all for this video if you found it
informative please give me a thumbs up
when you give me a like on this video
you're supporting me supporting this
channel and the truth so I do appreciate
that if you want the financial education
that wasn't taught to you in school
these two books have everything you need
talking about money talking about asset
classes talking about all the details
check it out at the link in the
description if you want the audio book
that's available at the money
GPS com if you want to see an entire
playlist about making money I have
several videos that you can check out
just click on this it'll bring you over
to the playlist and I will see you there